Add RustDesk software package description (#1136)
MichaIng/DietPi-Docs: docs/software/remote_desktop.md

=== "Server configuration"

    The configuration files 
    
    - `hbbs.env` (signaling server configuration)
    - `hbbr.env` (relay server configuration)
    - `id_ed25519` (private key file)
    - `id_ed25519.pub` (public key file)
    
    can be found at:

    ```
    /mnt/dietpi_userdata/rustdesk/
    ```

    Typically, no changes are necessary within these files.  
    When doing changes, they are applied by restarting the RustDesk services:

    ```sh
    systemctl restart rustdesksignal rustdeskrelay
    ```

    A new key file pair (`id_ed25519`, `id_ed25519.pub`) can be generated via:
    
    ```sh
    /opt/rustdesk/rustdesk-utils
    ```

    ```
    Usage:
        rustdesk-util [command]

    Available Commands:
        genkeypair                                   Generate a new keypair
        validatekeypair [public key] [secret key]    Validate an existing keypair
        doctor [rustdesk-server]                     Check for server connection problems
    ```

=== "Service control"

    The services are started automatically at boot. As systemd service, they can be controlled with the following commands:

    ```sh
    systemctl status rustdesksignal

>     systemctl status rustdeskrelay

Reviewer: Better like that? Or shall they remain separated intentionally?
```suggestion
    systemctl status rustdesksignal rustdeskrelay
```

    ```

    ```sh
    systemctl start rustdesksignal
    systemctl start rustdeskrelay
    ```

    ```sh
    systemctl stop rustdesksignal
    systemctl stop rustdeskrelay
    ```

    ```sh
    systemctl restart rustdesksignal
    systemctl restart rustdeskrelay
    ```

=== "Moving RustDesk to a different system"

    If a RustDesk Server shall be moved to a different system with keeping the original configuration, the following steps can be used:

    1. Installation of RustDesk Server on the new system
    1. Copying the key files `/mnt/dietpi_userdata/rustdesk/id_ed25519` and `/mnt/dietpi_userdata/rustdesk/id_ed25519.pub` to the new system

>     1. Copying the server configuration files `/mnt/dietpi_userdata/rustdesk/relay.env` and `/mnt/dietpi_userdata/rustdesk/signal.env` to the new system

Reviewer: Why not the whole dir with configs?
```suggestion
    1. Copying the directory `/mnt/dietpi_userdata/rustdesk` to the new system
```
